Aotearoa-Carta-Magna
====================

for the creation of a Constitution or Charter, a Carta Magna for Aotearoa known as NZ



What is Maori Lore & Common law in Aotearoa NZ?

Maori Lore or Law in Aotearoa NZ, has been in the past a neglected law! It was no doubt scoffed at later in NZ history but the first of the British that sailed to the other side of the world found Maori to be rich in culture, navigation, tribal relations and community education, not quite the savages that the colonial office made them out to be, No, they had Mana and more importantly they had Sovereignty.
Maori Law is our law, the law of Aotearoa NZ! I think any law student today would find law that was not or has not been effected by Maori law and Maori lore, would be thin on the ground, therefore, the conclusion must be reached that a treaty between Britain and Maori was only half the answer back in 1834-1840, because a new entity emerged that is today the largest exploitative force in the south pacific and indeed in Aotearoa know as NEW ZEALAND, this entity was called the "NEW ZEALAND LAND COMPANY" and became the defacto government pretending to have backing of Britain when in actual fact they were ceding sovereignty through a private treaty and a corporation now known as "The CROWN IN RIGHT OF NEW ZEALAND" and "The QUEEN IN RIGHT OF NEW ZEALAND" and of coarse the old "NEW ZEALAND LAND COMPANY" that was previously "EAST INDIA TRADING COMPANY" now called NEW ZEALAND a registered company on WALL ST and has subsidiaries like INLAND REVENUE a company registered in the Cayman Islands, if you can believe that!
So it seems that ALL of Aotearoa NZ has been deceived and robbed by a corporate cabal that plans to own our entire country and turn it into their holiday park, UNLESS we do something drastic and something fast.
As this is being created the managing director of the NEW ZEALAND COMPANY is preparing to sell of more assets belonging to the people to other corporates for billions of debt notes, worthless, legal tender debt notes, simply printed off by the reserve bank of NZ when ever they need to rob the people more without them even knowing. Sorry Mr Key, You've got mail, Aotearoa in NOT FOR SALE!

This leads us to the quintessential question, How did they do that? how was it possible to steal Maori land from under nose? how have they robbed the average Man, Woman & family? the answer: ADMIRALTY LAW

## ADMIRALTY LAW

**[Admiralty Law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Admiralty_law)** is defined by wikipedia as this:
> **Admiralty law** (also referred to as **maritime law**) is a distinct body of law which governs maritime questions and offenses. It is a body of both domestic law governing maritime activities, and _**private international law**_ governing the relationships between _**private entities**_ which operate vessels on the oceans. It deals with matters including marine commerce, marine navigation, shipping, sailors, and the transportation of passengers and goods by sea. Admiralty law also covers many _**commercial activities**_, although land based or occurring wholly on land, that are **_maritime in character_**.

> **Admiralty law** is distinguished from the _Law of the Sea_, which is a body of _public international law_ dealing with navigational rights, mineral rights, jurisdiction over coastal waters and _international law_ governing relationships _**between nations**_.

> Although each _legal jurisdiction_ usually has its own enacted legislation governing maritime matters, **_admiralty law_** is _characterized_ by a significant amount of _international law_ developed in recent decades, including numerous **multilateral treaties**.

So one can sea how they confuse matters entirely by not telling most PERSONS that end up in front of a judge what jurisdiction and what court they are in? and, to make things worse the judge can keep that little number quiet and to himself, does this seem corrupt to you, yea, it does me also, and we have not even opened the book yet? the corruption in the NEW ZEALAND COMPANY COURTS is something to behold. it is so bad in fact that court houses do not have flags in front of the building any longer because the NZ Company flag is NOT a national flag, it is a company flag, the He Whakaputanga is our national flag, but if they flew that they would be hung for treason as they would if they flew a British flag. 

I'm sorry NZ to have to tell you this, as most of us are hardworking men and woman that simply want a future to pass to our children, but instead people, there is nearly nothing left to pass on as it is. Most people in this nation don't even realise that they do NOT own their land & property, if they look at the title of the land (If they are even on it) you will find you are written down as a tenant! This is because we are forbidden to own land in NZ, if that was not bad enough, most mortgages in NZ are fraudulent, yes, fraudulent, in other words the bank loaned you NOTHING, and they want to take your house back after raising the interest rate and cost of living until you could no longer afford the payments, STOP paying now, and force them to show you that they indeed loaned you ANYTHING OF VALUE at all. See, ALL of us have been removed from our rights in place of a fantasy, the banking sector and the private corporate government are getting away with murder and it is all with our consent. It has to stop, the harm being caused to human kind and the harm they have yet to unfold on us is NOT acceptable and something must be done for so many reason's it is crazy to behold.

So if we are going to Occupy and if we are going to Hikoi, then lets do it for a reason, lets do it for something worthy of change, lets do it for our future and our whanau and family.
I purpose we follow the example of ICELAND and create a AOTEAROA CARTA MAGNA, a constitution written by the people for the people and force the hand of LAW through vote and unity, we bring back common law principle and return justice to our court houses, when this collaboration has been scripted and given to the Sovereign Maori Chiefs and agreeing tribes, even absorbing agreeing political parties with an Oath they can be proud to utter, an oath to uphold the ACM. And when all is scripted and accepted, we then hikoi it around the country for signing, once critical mass is reached the crown will then pass to the people and WE will be a wealth of Aotearoa, Corporate Pirates will be arrested and removed from power and the vacum filled with people that have made an oath and hold proper office.
Our police can be trained in the difference between legal and lawful, they can be trained as peace officers again instead of mindless bullies enforcing foreign policy. There are enough people in this nation to properly fill every needed office and every needed issue that should rise. people will be able to access their trust accounts through the revenue account, social credit will do away with the national debt and replace it with a national credit, Interest free loans will become a reality and business and trade will prosper. The big International war causing banks will have to pack up and leave but we will be so much better off and better off long term.
So, what say you?

I am going to start, anyone wanting to join is welcome to contribute, there is a lot to do and not enough time in the day to do it, but one thing I have learned so far in life is, Do not underestimate the common man, he is truly the machine that makes the world turn, Not Money, as there is no money...SAVVY'

Ben & Les Sovereign House-Of THOMPSON